c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\TIBAutomation.exe.config
c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\obj\Debug\TIBAutomation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\TIBAutomation.exe
c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\TIBAutomation.pdb
c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\obj\Debug\TIBAutomation.exe
c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\obj\Debug\TIBAutomation.pdb
c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.dll
c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.pdb
c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.xml
c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\cs\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\da\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\de\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\es\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\fa\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\fi\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\fr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\it\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\ko\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\mk\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\nl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\pl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\pt\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\ru\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\sv\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\tr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\rukiyeo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TIBAutomation\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\zh-CN\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\TIBAutomation.exe.config
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\TIBAutomation.exe
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\TIBAutomation.pdb
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.dll
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.pdb
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.xml
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\cs\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\da\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\de\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\es\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\fa\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\fi\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\fr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\it\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\ko\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\mk\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\nl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\pl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\pt\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\ru\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\sv\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\tr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\bin\Debug\zh-CN\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\obj\Debug\TIBAutomation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\obj\Debug\TIBAutomation.exe
C:\Codebase\TIBAutomation\src\TIBAutomation\obj\Debug\TIBAutomation.pdb
